Juqidan
Xueqi Pills
Five Elements Dan
Any kind of pill
Can make countless broken bone dancers break their heads
This cheap master
It's the doctor
He also saw that I had just been imprisoned
Just had another big war
Unstable realm
So
I specially took out so many pills
Let me stabilize
Since you have taken it all out, don't waste it.
Why is there no one?
Wow, the male lead is so kind to him.
I even gave him a fake from Yard 1
I heard that Nannei was fighting for this yard
I don't know how many infighting happened?
The yard is nice
But if you don't have the ability
Will be his disaster
Who are you little bitch listen up
My old name is Ye Lanqian
He is the head of the four young masters of Yuan Men's inner sect